# GAChallenge

It is a 2D tile game, the tiles drop down, animating different daily actions of things we could  do to reduce our footprint i.e One tile is about reducing plastic bottles usage;  the possible solutions are:  we could use our own refillable bottle instead of buying bottled water, bringing your own mug of coffee or take your own to go cup to get takeout coffee, companies could provide a water cooler for their employees so they don't have to purchase bottled water.
There are currently 16 different actions with some having more than one animated possible solution. 
On the game over screen you get a summary of all the actions you monitored, if you miss any tiles they stack up and cause weather events with one location first and then a wave of events on other locations on the map. At the end you told about your level, the number of climate events that took place and the number of actions you monitored. Depending on your actions you will earn GAIA spirit point that can be saved to Google Wallet:  The Wallet will keep track of your points earned and update your wallet pass to provide you with your current GAIA Spirit Status :Earth, Sun-fire power, Wind, Water, Heart. When you reach a certain amount of points You will reach GAIA Status. Meaning your daily actions are incongruence with supporting the earth's environment to the best of your ability. The game is aimed at helping us learn more about possible alternatives to our actions, by focusing on different areas for change which may affect the climate and other global problems.
